Archive the project (#5)
uyuni-project/tomcat-serverxml-tool: README.md

# Archived project

> This tool has been deprecated, instead it's used `xsltproc` to perform all the changes in server.xml file.

Reviewer: I guess the tool is now included as part of the `tomcat
```suggestion
This tool has been deprecated, instead Uyuni now uses `xsltproc` to perform all the changes in server.xml file.
```

> If you want to resume work, please contact us at https://lists.opensuse.org/archives/list/devel@lists.uyuni-project.org/ or https://gitter.im/uyuni-project/devel

Reviewer: All lists except announce are now deprecated, GitHub discussions should be used instead
```suggestion
If you want to resume work, please contact us at [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/uyuni-project/uyuni/discussions) or [the `devel` channel at Gitter](https://gitter.im/uyuni-project/devel)
```
